Join Bro Its Cody's Discord Server! Hangout, share memes, listen to music, make friends and have a good time!
Meet Tyler, a new OC! Going to be featured in comics soon!
New reference sheet for Logan, my other OC!
New reference sheet!
How do I look?
Thank you everyone who participated in my 9k follower raffle!
I’ll DM you two soon!
Let go!
#furry #furryartwork #furryartist
#furryfandom #furrycomic #comic
Ends tomorrow!
Drawing for
@AutomgenDev
! I really hope you like it!
Heyyo, I recently made a Patreon page!
If you enjoy my content and would like to support me, it would be greatly appreciated!
(Plus it has perks, check the link below)
I am working on a new passion project, a VR/Vtuber YouTube Channel. I want to explore a new side of furry content that isn't all fursuits. I'll be posting every Monday & Friday, so check it out if you want! :3
camps got SO many belly scratches yesterday
Got my Covid-19 BOOSTER vaccine over the weekend
Werewolf tip: pick the cheapest clothes to wear on a full moon
CHARITY STREAM!! I'm live RIGHT NOW until 1PM PST. We're raising money for THE TREVOR PROJECT! Come watch: https://twitch.tv/tallwerewolf
Can we talk about how awesome the people around Seattle were to the furries at ANW? This person paid for our coffee the next morning
@tallfuzzball
more lineless practice, i really should get more brushes
More furry plushies came
@Kiwi_Foxx
 @Crash_Azarel
 @FlukeHusky
 @tallfuzzball
 @MOSFETbah
 @ThePineappleFox
Here’sthe old jug lol
7/11 saved Thanksgiving
DOWN BOY  Y-you’re supposed to help me with my laundry, not add to it!
Thanks for the amazing art
! Tis the spooky season~ and it looks like wizard Fluke conjured up some overly curious ghost hands…
Haven't posted art in a while, here's a curl for tax
Oh no. Here comes the fanart
Featured in my most recent video: https://youtu.be/73i56zCnQEY
Early access on my Patreon, of course
Come sit, I've got to show you something...
Wonderful commission drawn by
@TigermanTweets
I'm so happy with how this turned out!
@Chipflake's bandana and I’m loving it  it gives me dance powers
How do you like my bandana uwu
A short  on my relationship with my boo:
It might just look like we’re the perfect couple and everything is roses and peachy all day.
On social media we often only portray the good and cute side, in reality our relationship is like anyone else’s.
I want to wear some with Fluke. I think that would be so sexy
Boys in heels…
FURSUITERS in heels…
I found this bee crashed in my apartment, too tired to move or fly.
Gave it some water and white syrup, lets see if it gets better
and yes i might be doing ”research” for a new swedish forest satan ritual
oh shit we’re outgaying god
Next merch line
JOIN OR GET LICC
http://twitch.tv/cliccy
so if preggo with twins takes 18 months
does 5-tuplets take 45 months??? craaazy.
omg i was born on my birthday
what are the odds??
Had a lot of fun drawing this :3
First thanks giving for me, we were aksed to write these thank you notes
Hi I’m Venus! I’m a furry youtuber/artist but I draw people sometimes too
Commissions open when I announce them
Check the link below for all my social medias/commission prices
 https://linktr.ee/solarsaber
She named her eevee after me then proceeded to say “wow it’s just like you” when it made a happy noise cause it got pet on the head
Gf: why do you like Pokémon so much
Me: here *shoves let’s go eevee to her*
Gf: oh this is fun!!
Me: plan successful
Look at this stunning icon I got from @/itsaButtsteak !! I’m literally so in love with my baby ugh he looks fantastic
My college cafe has started charging money instead of letting us use meal swipes if you want any milk in your coffee besides normal  you’re telling me I have to pay to not have a stomachache
WIND AND SEA x PaRappa the Rapper Collab (feat. Lammy)
We ordered the “goofy movie” cartoon style pizza
Tis the season I'm told...
Yo Washington DC.................this was the best crowd we've ever had
This was a graeter show! Thanks Cincinnati! Best crowd we've ever had!
The only TEN I SEE were all the people in Nashville who came out to the
@ScribbleTour
. This was easily the best crowd we've had!!
Wow! What a good show in Orlando! (Not Atlanta) I don't say this alot, but this was the best crowd we've had!
Had a great time in Atlanta doing the
@ScribbleTour
! This crowd was the best one we've had!!
San Antonio! Thanks for coming out tonight to
@ScribbleTour
! This was the best show we had!
Thanks for coming Kansas City to the
@ScribbleTour
!!! This was honestly the best crowd we've had on tour!
I spent a day with legendary youtube animator
@theodd1sout
 and we get real deep (yes that means address the furry rumors) LET’S GO!
get #PWND gamers
GO #TeamSeas !!!
https://teamseas.org
Watching The Polar Express.
Gosh that kid on the train is so annoying
Just had a fruit drop.
The movie came out in 1988 and they  still make the collector tin.
Roger Ebert the film critic said it belongs on anyone’s list of great war films.
I must say I agree with him.
I’m two hours south of Chicago.
My package  went from Chicago Ridge to Maine then to Massachusetts, like ???
Yep, good times
Of course !  Who would name a sheep SPOT ?   Lol
I’m trying to restore the black background on this data plate.
I need to use a better squeegee.
Used a piece of card stock that flexed and soaked up some paint.
Oh well, I’ll try again
Lol
hi, I'm nick! I'm a blue panda, and also sometimes a taur!
personal + ref site: https://wah.blue
telegram sticker pack: https://t.me/addstickers/nickpanda…
I can't miss it though, especially these first easy problems D:
aw fuck advent of code is during MFF
furries are an important, load-bearing structural component of our modern, technological world
wear os is so terrible please send help
ohoho what is that i hear behindst me… mayhaps i TWIMST aroumd and take an peep for mineself!
(incredible art by
@SammyTheTanuki
 again omg)
People say Twitter is a depressing hellscape. Why? It's yours to make your own - use the block, follow, unfollow and mute options freely and strategically.
My twitter is full of you lovely, inspiring mutuals who make my day better, so it's an uplifting place.
god damn I forgot how fast phones can be when they're not 3 years old
this happened :3
Shazam is the only app that solves an actual problem people ever developed
What's up! I'm Antares (he/him)
Just a coyote kickin' it down in Atlanta working with
Catch me in VR, taking photos, or enjoying good vibes
Soon-to-be @/PNWorks fursuiter
Stop by, say hi, I won't bite!
It’s
@bluecoyote
 at #BLFC2021
#MFYMonday
The Colorado trail cams sure do catch some strange stuff.
:
@bluecoyote
First time flying with my silver status, got upgraded to first class for free - soooo much leg room omg
Something I found interesting...
Don’t mess with the firebenders!
@JurassicBea
 @dogbutwithfire
Some more finished sketchy icons!!
Just look right into my eyes, it’ll only take a minute~
4 AM Suiting in Times Square… with Snow!
@TalesTigerfox
 @FlumeFusky
I really wish more folks would understand this especially on Telegram. I’m really busy a lot and enjoy talking to my friends but I can’t do it all the time. I still want to scroll social media and lurk in group chats though but it’s nothing malicious against a single person
We're doing the thing! Thanks for all the support x3
Spider-Man: I'm Drunk and I Need  a Ride Back Home
Some friends say I think of sex all the time. That is just not true
I sometimes sleep
I'm feeling somewhat
horny
Puppy Tk just bought me a coffee on Ko-fi!
it's astounding
MFF but it's pronounced like "mmph"
still
but raccoons though
People are losing their shit buying early tickets to Spider Man while we're still in a complicated situation with the virus and I'm like
dude chill tf out it's just a marvel movie
Okay, so I do have to mention, these tweets for
@DeepFurGPT
  are human curated, so I have to manually respond to every single person that @'s the bot if you want a response! I may miss some, and won't get to all of them immediately
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all!
You have choices. You can wear a collar or not. It doesn't have to be a collar. Whatever feels comfortable for you at this moment in your life.
I don't wanna be a submissive, obedient, breedable bottom. I just wanna be a horny, feral, out-of-control bottom.
There's something so exhilarating about making a big, bold, bold statement with a cute little boy in your arms.
Don’t let anybody tell you that you’ve missed something. Sometimes what you keep inside is uncontrollable.
I'm so happy my BF and my partner are both so chill.
it's getting annoying and annoying and annoying that furs for the most part just go like "furry twitter is great and the community is amazing, follow them if you like/receives there" and then block but like... one or two slips of the tongue and it's like... bingus
Louder and louder please please! I'm ready to be full of cum for your weaklings! >w<
Furries are a bunch of degenerates.
As it is, i'm totally just gonna take the middle ground here. I'm sorry for the drama but i really don't like being mean to the people who are active here anymore because of the drama.
Hey everyone, I put together a gofundme for a friend who is currently in need of some funds so they can transition, we would be very thankful for any donations!
Heading to Chicago today for MFF! See you all there :p
A powerful image~
I got a tom nook sweater!
Mars has such cute art I absolutely adore this
My favorite thing is when I post something, and out of nowhere people are just complete assholes, I literally laugh at it
Why hello there, wanna take a seat next to me?
Hey all, I know I’ve been inactive as heck recently, there’s just been so much happening, and as of now I’ve been staying with October in the hospital for the last 24 hours, she’s going under surgery here soon, I’ll be gone for another 2-3 days at least, but I’ll be back soon
Remember the maids dress? I got a new one, I’ll post new pictures tomorrow (if I remember)
I love this so much thank you omg
help me caffeinate myself
hits too close
they kinda forgot the last entire minute of lyrics, and it's locked
(there is a pending edit to add the missing lyrics at least, but who knows when that'll make it in)
ok the 3rd time i could fix it
it's a 1 character fix but i want to help where i can lol
now that Spotify integrates Musixmatch i'm trying to contribute
both BOTH TIMES I found typos in the existing lyrics
THE FUCKING LYRICS ARE LOCKED
Spotify’s “Discover New Music” Tab Replaced with Much More Popular “Play Same Shit I Always Listen To” Tab https://l8r.it/s9qX
best I can do is understand some kanji, and to an extent separate hiragana and katakana, and read a few hiragana characters. smh
yeah spotify i can't really read japanese, no need to rub it in smh
when is Minecraft 2 dropping
omg NFT users pretending to be oppressed lmfao
Commission for
@DeerBasedGod
 and
@R3Zeke
 of their cute cozy apartment and two kitties!
new oc hyde my beloved
#art
stripy boy
accidentally deleted that post lets try it again
Some things to please keep in mind today:
•There is NO data available yet regarding vaccine efficacy and Omicron. What you are hearing is speculation right now. That’s it.
•Breakthrough infections DO NOT mean vaccines “don’t work.”
•DO NOT wait for variant specific boosters-
my first time painting a landscape,,,,,
revenge
@iXNicholasXi
thinking emoji
pupper!
dm to claim!
I just discovered one of the ground pins on my ESP32 I've been using has a stupid high internal resistance. "Broken" is a strong word, but I have no clue what's wrong with it.
Pinned everything down to see how it would look, and oh my. The right foot paw actually looks kinda normal! Now I have to see the two blues together and either tack stitch or glue (probably glue) everything down so it doesn't shift too much. I'm happy.
Wrath of the Mountain King. Speedpainting for
@Hildrik17
Master of elements.
One step forward, two steps back
When adjusting the fit, cut little and cut slow. Otherwise, you have to make a weird patch to cover up the gaping hole you made.
For as much as I try to change and become someone I'm more comfortable with, I can't help but feel like I'm getting worse and worse.
Borealis Sea ✧
Bring me out to sea, under a sky of falling lights.
Oh hoh hoh, my ability to think myself into situations is uncanny. Notice the change in my Twitter profile. Trying something out.
Sewing is always shockingly exhausting.
Socks. Time to gayme
Ha imagine being a furr
That's kinda cringe bro
Halo pipis is say halo 2 u!  !!
OH MY GOD!
THESE BITCHES GAY!
GOOD FOR THEM!
GOOD FOR THEM!
Bring me an apple or die
I FETCH STICK
When it snows but you hate the snow
me_irl https://redd.it/r57hhq
Nicodeme, or Nico. Shy & reserved, but also flirty. Easy to get along with. Will try almost anything food-wise. Despises olives & licorice. Really enjoys sweets, often bakes during spare time. Enjoys music rhythm games. Likes to dance and sing to K-Pop.
Tanuki in a hole
OPEN
He try his best okay?
Happy NovemBEAR!
From us to you, enjoy the burrs~!
Bring me an apple or di
Contact name #NariJbee
http://patreon.com/tontonfriends
Throw your #furry #Artist a bone this #holidayseason !
Tis' the season for new #twitch #emotes ! 
Weaselsoneasels is how you'll find us there and we are up every Monday, Wednesday and Friday with live fursuit work, artwork and commentary. 
http://twitch.tv/weaselsoneasels
#furry #fursuit #furries #anthro #furryart #FursuitFriday #fursuitmaker
15-18th November. Red, Eye eye, galaxy, flower. #flowers #flower #galaxy #resin #resinart #resincraft #troubledpaws #Taka #wickerbeast #fursuit #fursuitfriday #furryfandom #furry #photooftheday #photochallenge #photoaday #photochallenge2021 #photosofmylife
Be careful when you post #FursuitFriday pictures
It is time for the biggest #Protogen Fursuit meet up!! 
I am hosting a get together at Midwest Furfest 2021 on FRIDAY 3RD 4:00PM CST in the main lobby of Hyatt Regency O'Hare by the big statue.  Everyone is welcomed!!
Please retweet and share this!
Happy 22nd birthday  to my husband 
@wuskymon
 !!! 
#fursuit #FursuitsFriday #fursuitfriday #FursuitEveryday #furry #furryfandom
New Mexico State Police identified Jacob Alejandro Montoya Jr., 26, of Bernalillo as the man shot by law enforcement Friday in Torrance County after he was accused of robbing a Starbucks in Santa Fe and later leading officers on a high-speed pursuit.
-Ennard is roleplayed as his in-game counterpart, only difference here being that Circus Baby has already been ejected.
-Ennard is best pals with 
@MoltenFreddy_
-Ennard stalks 
@ExecutivePhone_
-Skinsuit Tuesday and Fursuit Friday exist.
-Ennard loves Exotic Butters.
Angel
Follow 
@rutiko_satsuki
 and  
@5crow_1wolf
 . Don't forget to give likefor support all
#FursuitFriday 
#fursuit
Follow 
@VulpeOwO
 and  
@fotomania42
 . Don't forget to give likefor support all
#FursuitFriday
It takes a pursuit that is sincere. 
Pursuit of Happiness (Nightmare)
Eye is not so? Pursuit of the thing they see:
petition for 
@gnfsmossbuddies
 to do a fursuit reveal
"Then I'll assist you in that pursuit."
Was that...a confession?  Who knows.  She is rather close to Aoi right now.
all of these brands (and plenty of others) have shown again and again that they will do anything in pursuit of a higher profit margin as long as it's not explicitly illegal
In the pursuit of zero vision those of us still driving in SF have been keeping our eyes closed.
gift fo 
@greasy0deer
 I started this so long ago and just finished it now hope u enjoy it funny !!! #furry #furryart #fursuit #furryfandom
PLEAD
In hs I wrote a dark paper about pursuing happiness and how happiness can only ever be a pursuit bc you can never truly be fully happy. I’m saddened to say I still agree with my teenage self. Unattainable.
i mean you do look like a salsa stealin sonvabitch and you have a piss kink. a furry fits the description ngl
After debating between my bird sona and furry-drake sona for a while, I finally realized that a realistic velociraptor is the perfect in-between. I kinda wanna get Keith redesigned as one of these, now.
Also for those of you who haven't seen my fursona: observe.
I have a philosophical question. How much of ourselves do we have to replace to be not considered human? Consider the furry not wanting to be human, or the doomed and being alive.
Goats furry bastards sheep and Rams wooly bastards
Your pet
Do : LGBTQ+ , ALL Skin Tones , Halos , Ocs , Preppy , SLIGHT Gore , Masc , Furry
Do Not : Racism , Homophobia , Any Hate , NSFW , Heavy Gore , Heavy Furry , Very Masculine
Part 1 of my furry butt getting double bred by the studly 
@RobMontanaXX
 is now up. Check it out 
https://justfor.fans/FrostyOtterXXX
Pero pero
Santo cielo— Igual orgulloso de haberte sacado del clóset furry
When a furry who rage-quits the community after burning all their bridges re-activates their Twitter account.
i mean you do look like a salsa stealin sonvabitch and you have a piss kink. a furry fits the description ngl
After debating between my bird sona and furry-drake sona for a while, I finally realized that a realistic velociraptor is the perfect in-between. I kinda wanna get Keith redesigned as one of these, now.
Also for those of you who haven't seen my fursona: observe.
I have a philosophical question. How much of ourselves do we have to replace to be not considered human? Consider the furry not wanting to be human, or the doomed and being alive.
Goats furry bastards sheep and Rams wooly bastards
Do : LGBTQ+ , ALL Skin Tones , Halos , Ocs , Preppy , SLIGHT Gore , Masc , Furry
Do Not : Racism , Homophobia , Any Hate , NSFW , Heavy Gore , Heavy Furry , Very Masculine
Talking about it can help you even more than trying to fix it yourself
Please go and talk to someone
Pero pero
Santo cielo— Igual orgulloso de haberte sacado del clóset furry
When a furry who rage-quits the community after burning all their bridges re-activates their Twitter account.
Hehe,, possom,,
#furry #furryartist #artist
nfr frost furry for fr kangaroo?
No no it's not fuck zoophiles , furries are fine as long as they dint cross the line
Dragon furries everywhere have found a new source of employment.
Como furries
Eh, what failures exactly. Ferries, education, infrastructure projects. Welfare, growth? Oh, no, that’s just in Scotland.
parte 2?
Made lots of things, but this is the only one on display in the living room
Tbh I think half the folk in any kind of science or coding or engineering job these days are furries
'The furries grew to be the most popular social group' is another thing that game got right, huh.
marcações: 
@lendariaotariia
 @i7wallsrry
 @TheLittleLionA
 @artd4rkk
 @bluexpil
I'm sorry they don't recognize furries as a skin color yet
Look, it's nice to meet you. But it's more nice to meet me.
Absolutely. Gateway Fur Meet in St Louis and Tails And Tornadoes in Tulsa
these stylists better meet me in the alley cuz they did him so dirty with these mf boots with the fur on his tiny legs…
Some art I made for a badge for a furmeet I'm going to soon. It's my first furmeet, very excited. :3
Might make this a new profile pic, idk. I've been drawing a lot of Cauliflower recently, should give my other oc's some attention.
#furryart #furry
Last night's furmeet has left me so hungover
Adopting a kitten tomorrow & i’m so excited.. Can’t wait to meet my lil fur baby
Meet the fur’s
while you were at MFF i studied the blade
Thank you so much Lai 
Me? I'm 5' 4"
Grats to ya
anyone going to mff please look out for them man + report this account and any others
Live with some Hunting Horn action in Monster Hunter: Rise! Grinding that HR over at
Will get angry in my behalf/ready to throw down with people I won’t because I’m incredibly non confrontational read: blocks the bullshit I allow to come my way
It's an unfortunate circumstance but a coincidence? I think not!
My birthday party is happening at MFF on Saturday. We are gonna do it earlier so we can pregame and then go to other parties. If I forgot any mutuals for the chat, please message me 
The fluffiest!
Thank you! 
THATS SO CUTE GAO-CHAN 
I am very hyped! I'm about to have 5 days at Midwest Furfest starting tomorrow!! Here's a picture of me and 
@SonicFox
 in 2019 when I went. If anyone sees me around, don't be afraid to say what's up ^^
#mff #MidwestFurfest #uwu
Find me and 
@DapperRaptorSt
 at 
@MidwestFurFest
 this weekend at table F18! 
We'll have prints, art dolls, charms, stickers, badges, and some never-before-seen-from-us items!
Thank you!!!
Ooooooo congrats!! Cute!!
OMG MY TAIL IS READY! I AM SO HECKING HYPED RIGHT NOW!!!
#TamamoNoMae #animegao #kigurumi #MFF2021 #hype 
@MidwestFurFest
How to find me @ MFF! I’m ready to unleash the 2.0 #MFF #MidwestFurfest #Furry #fursuit
We're not sure of that. You can contact programming@furfest.org and they might be able to help you with that question. 
The Convention book might  also  have information about it.
See y’all at #MFF 
Welp tomorrow i make my drive to my brothers then from there FUR TOWN USA #MFF
I am very hyped! I'm about to have 5 days at Midwest Furfest starting tomorrow!! Here's a picture of me and 
@SonicFox
 in 2019 when I went. If anyone sees me around, don't be afraid to say what's up ^^
#mff #MidwestFurfest #uwu
Happy holidays!
See you at #MFF soon, I'll look like this or my alt Chalupa at the con :) please say hi, it's my first time sharing Elt after his redesign 
#Crypto #Climate #ClimateEmergency #MFF
How to find me at #MFF this year! Can’t wait for my first con and to meet some people.
How to find me @ MFF! I’m ready to unleash the 2.0 #MFF #MidwestFurfest #Furry #fursuit
#MFF is so close I can taste it
If nothing wild happens at #MFF this year then y'all can thank me cause theirs no such thing as a coincidence. 
How to find me 
-black
-ugly 90s shoes
-mask up
-probably in a hoodie 
-probably stoned
All set for #MFF tomorrow
Have fantasized about you and would like to meet up with you if you ever go to anthrocon 
When will this be us 
@FoxtrotDan
What did you use for the main pink fur and nose?
I wanna be the emo boi I have always wanted to beee
I wanna learn how to skateboard qwq
Smol shep, big heart tho!
I'm not! But I chose not to attend a big convention again until Anthrocon next summer. 
What happened bud if you need to@talk I’m here for you
“One More Time” 
Sometimes, that’s all it takes
